So Frank asks, this was a few minutes ago.
So we made this type ConstructorArg,
right, that was kind of what we
ended up with, this was the last thing
that we worked on in the previous chapter.
Does the TypeScript team plan
to make this a standard type,
it seems pretty useful,
same with JSON value in the last workshop.
Yeah, this is a good point, and
what I will say is that the bar is
pretty high for
including something in TypeScript itself.
So we have, for example,
Extract and Exclude,
these are core types that
are already in TypeScript.
What I will say is there's nothing
stopping you from writing your own
types as a little library and importing
that in the projects that you care about.
For example,
if I go to github.com/mike-north,
how do I spell my name again?
[LAUGH] Mike-north/types,
you can see I have a little
git repo here that is types,
interfaces, and classes that I often use.
And look, there's ConstructorArgs, so
I bring this package into a variety
of things that I work on.
And some of these have made
it into the language already,
like at the time I wrote this
library there was no required and
there was no make everything optional,
but I made my own.
And as a result they're still here and
that's fine, I'm not under
pressure to get rid of these because
these don't add to asset size, right,
they just compile straight out, it's
an identical type to what they have built.
If we click that you can see that,
well, we'll look more into this but
It's just type information in
a little JavaScript library.
And if you would look at what happens
with this kind of library when
it's all bundled up,
with one tiny exception here, so
I create something called a deferred
which is actually a class, right, so
this isn't purely type information,
a lot of this library is, right.
But here, this is kinda like an inverted
promise where whoever is holding
the promise, they get to call resolve or
reject from the outside, so
it's gonna add a tiny little bit of asset
size but nothing to be concerned about.
So that's how I would
answer this question,
as you find things that
are useful package them up and
make them into little libraries
that you can consume.
I have one called JSON-typescript,
and if we look at what this library
contains it's very, very similar to
what we built in the fundamentals class,
right, this is an old school
way that involves types and
interfaces so this is compatible
with TypeScript 2.8 even.
I'm doing the same thing that we
did in the fundamentals class, so
all I have to do is install
this package in a project and
I can import stuff from it just
as if it were a little library.
If you wanna know how to set these
kinds of libraries up robustly, and
by that I mean if we look at this
mike-north/types thing and the CI pipeline
I have going here, I believe I'm
testing against multiple nodes, like
multiple versions of Node JS and multiple
versions of the TypeScript compiler.
And this means that as new dependencies
are added, if you have dependencies here
you're making sure that everything still
continues to work in a very complete way.
So this would be like I
would be flattered and
proud if you were to copy the
infrastructure here and to use this for
your own types, right, you just take
everything in this source folder and
modify it or add to it as you see fit.
And feel free to open pull requests
into mine if you think mine's useful and
you wanna build on that instead, but
this is sort of my own little mini
standard library if you will.
So we have three things ahead of us.
Two more chapters in the website, and then
I'm going to try to put everything kind
of together in accomplishing a non-trivial
task in the TypeScript playground,
and that's gonna be building
a little mini data layer.
Because when we have
different types of records,
we have a lot of well structured type
information and it's a place where we
can take advantage of some of the things
we've learned for high code reuse.
So that's what we have ahead of us.